Project Diary
10/10/22: 
Begun the project. My aim for the next 2 weeks is to get the basic dilemma implemented and 
have a command line to enter choices.
- created an initial player object with tdd
11/10/22:
- added more setters getters to the player object
13/10/22:
Today I implemented the basic prisoner's dilemma by comparing users input.
There are some small problems that I will fix like being able to enter
defect/cooperate in the command line in any format
18/10/22:
I now have a basic terminal interface to prompt the players to enter their
name and choice of defect/cooperate which then gets stored in the 
player object
31/10/22:
Had family over the last week so had little time to work on the project
but I did manage to get a simple GUI working with javaFX and scenebuilder
01/11/22:
Up to this point I am a little behind on the milestones but 
over the next week I will make an initial GUI, create the iterated dilemma
and possibly add some strategies
09/11/22:
I have now make the dilemma iterated for 5 rounds and added some strategies that players
can select from a drop down menu. I will now work on getting the strategies to
work for head to head game and update the GUI to incorporate it all over the next
week
15/11/22:
Head to Head is now working and I also updated the gui so that players can be 
created using a drop down menu to select the amount of players the user wants
16/11/22:
I am now on schedule for the milestones and over the last 2 weeks I will make
updates to the GUI to implement the tournament feature and finish the javadoc 
23/11/22: 
The program is finished for this term and I will spend the remainding time writing my
report and checking over the program to find any hidden errors
26/11/22:
Fixed remaining small errors, code is finished. Overall I am happy with the progress I made
this term and I completed all the milestones that I set for myself. I would have liked to 
implement more strategies than just the select 4 that I chose but I decided that it would be more
beneficial to get the core concepts implemented as adding new strategies should be straight forward.
30/01/23
Started to implement more strategies, starting with the grudger strategy. I need to make it more
efficient to play strategies against each other as I ran into some problems today trying to implement
another strategy that relies on other people actions rather than a constant splitter/stealer that always
does the same thing each round
07/02/23
Implemented an alternator strategy that randomly chooses its first choice and then alternates between
splitting and stealing after that. This was quite simple to implement. My next steps will be to 
redesign how the head to head works depending on what strategies are chosen to make it easier to implement
more complex strategies.
20/02/23
Spent last few weeks planning the redesign of the head to head. Started implementing it by updating the strategy names,
and adding the opponent parameter to every strategy even if they are not needed. This will make it easier when adding
new strategies that take the opponent into consideration. I also added a new method in Strategies.java which will determine
the players strategy choice. This will mean that the massive chunk of code in Game.java can be deleted making the overall 
program cleaner and more efficient to add an exhaustive amount of strategies.
27/02/23
Fully implemented my updated way to face players against each other. Now the points are tallied 1 at a time. The arraylist gets
updated 1 round at a time which makes it easier to face a tit for tat vs stealer as tft will split first round regardless, and wont need
the splitters code to run before it anymore. I'm happy with how I have implemented the code that I spend a long time planning out. My next
aims for the project are to add loads of strategies, make the number of rounds played random, possibly add a different tournament style like
swiss system, and to make charts for determining the best strategies.
04/03/23
Today took longer than expected as there was some really small problem with the strategy that was well hidden. I eventually found it and everything
works how its inteded to work.
13/03/2023
Smooth day for implementing two more strategies, Pavlov and Hard majority. The changes that I made are proving to make it way easier to implement
more complicated strategies with less issues. 
14/03/2023
Implemented more strategies. Next im going to work on a chat box where players can gossip at the end of a tournament. Also going to add a trust score
so players know if other players have been stealing more than splitting. 
15/03/2023
Added a replay tournament ability. Two tournament can be played in a row between the same players. They can then change their strategy when the new tournament
starts. I had some issues with carrying scores over but mangaged to fix it. Tomorrow im going to make the replayability inifinite so the tournament creator can
make new tournaments over and over as many times as they like.
16/03/2023
Tournaments can now be played for an infinite amount of times in a row now. This will be useful to gather data on which strategies are the best over a long period.
I also began making a chat box where players will be able discuss the previous tournament. I need to find a way to pass the text to other players so that they can chat
to each other. 
17/03/2023
Fully implemented a chat box ability. Credit to this amazing youtube video I found https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1nqY-DKP9A&t=2718s&ab_channel=WittCode 
refrence [9] in my report. Was useful to understand how to format the GUI chat box neatly and mimics a text messaging service like on your phone. I also
implmented a trust score that just checks the amount someone splits compared to steals. The higher the score the more the person splits and vise versa.
I should be finished with the code tomorow and I only need to make some charts to compile data to prove which strategies are the best. Finally I will 
look over all my code and make it neat and improve my GUI a little.
18/03/2023
My project is now finished from a GUI and coding stand point. I just need to go over everything and add any missing javadoc and it is complete. Today I completely
revamped the GUI with colour and css.